README.md, before:

leading-chars
=============

##Description

Creates leading or trailing characters in string or number

##Install
	npm install leading-chars
	
##Require
	var LeadingChars = require('leading-chars')

##LeadingChars(opts)
LeadingChars is a constructor function that takes options and exports the user function.

##opts
###len
Length can be positive or negative.  
Here are examples of a length of 4 with char '0':  
a -> 000a  
aaa -> 0aaa  
aaaaa -> aaaaa  
Here are examples of a length of -2 with char '0':  
a -> 00a  
aaa -> 00aaa  
aaaaa -> 00aaaaa

###character
What character is appended; In the previous examples it was '0'

###leading
The module name can be slightly misleading. The module is also capable of trailing characters.  
Leading:  
	000a  
	0aaa  
Trailing: 
	a000  
	aaa0 

##Use
	//Create a template
	var leadingZeroes = LeadingChars({
		len: 8,
		character: '0',
		leading: true
	})

	leadingZeroes('5f39a6') //returns '005f39a6'
	leadingZeroes('')       //returns '00000000'
	leadingZeroes('ftw')    //returns '00000ftw'

	var indent = LeadingChars({
		len: -1,
		character: '\t',
		leading: true
	})
	indent('Hey what is up') //returns '\tHey what is up'
	indent()                 //returns '\t'
	indent('blah')           //returns '\tblah'

Commit message:

Update readme (and bump package.json version number)

README.md, after:

leading-chars
=============

##Description

Creates leading or trailing characters in string or number

##Install
	npm install leading-chars
	
##Require
	var LeadingChars = require('leading-chars')

##LeadingChars(opts)
LeadingChars is a constructor function that takes options and exports the user function.

##opts

Here are descriptions of the 
###len (Number)
Length can be positive or negative.  
Here are examples of a length of 4 with char '0':  
a -> 000a  
aaa -> 0aaa  
aaaaa -> aaaaa  
Here are examples of a length of -2 with char '0':  
a -> 00a  
aaa -> 00aaa  
aaaaa -> 00aaaaa

###character (String)
What character is appended; In the previous examples it was '0'

This can be multiple characters in length, e.g. 'hi'

###leading (Boolean)
The module name can be slightly misleading. The module is also capable of trailing characters.  
Leading: true (Leading)  
	a -> 000a  
	aaa -> 0aaa  
Leading: false (Trailing)  
	a -> a000  
	aaa -> aaa0 

##constructed(str, opts)
###str (String or Number)
This is the string that is appended to.
###opts
Same as 'LeadingChars()' opts (see above)

##Use
	//Create a template
	var leadingZeroes = LeadingChars({
		len: 8,
		character: '0',
		leading: true
	})

	leadingZeroes('5f39a6') //returns '005f39a6'
	leadingZeroes('')       //returns '00000000'
	leadingZeroes('ftw')    //returns '00000ftw'

	var indent = LeadingChars({
		len: -1,
		character: '\t',
		leading: true
	})
	indent('Hey what is up')  //returns '\tHey what is up'
	indent()                  //returns '\t'
	indent('blah', {len: -2}) //returns '\t\tblah'
